Session one.
Ha, ha, ha...
So we need to talk about our favorite hobbies.
Okay, I think a hobby that I started when I was
I think seven, it's like playing violin.
Yeah, so I think...
I went to see like an orchestra performance.
I don't remember, but my mom wanted me to start an instrument.
So I said I wanted to do either harp or violin.
And then my mom was like, don't do harp, it's so hard to carry it around.
So how did you violate him? Yeah...
I'm still playing actually. Yeah.
now.(***)
This Weak...
(***)I think she' s from Leorise... (***)
Yeah, oh yeah
Oh.. yeah.. yeah..I haven't seen her play before though.
That would be really cool to be able to see... Yeah...
Yeah, yeah, yeah... I think...
Which tried to stay here like last year or two years ago but it didn't work out so...
Yeah, yeah(***)
Oh my goodness, that's so cool!
Wow, do you play an instrument?  Ohhh...
Ha... ha... ha...Oh, that's a lot. (***)
Oh, yeah. have  my favorite. like...
did you see that i think that's one (***)
Oh, that's so funny.(***)
Sun suns oh yeah
I  don't  thing  so...
The carnival, the animals, yeah, yeah, yeah. Ohhh...
Hmm.....
Ha,.. ha.., ha....
Uh huh.
ha,..  . ha...    ha...
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh...
Ohhhhhhhh....
Ummmm...
Hmmmmmmm...
Ohhhh...I...
Yeah...  I'm not very good with the piece names.
Ha... ha... ha...  (***)
Ohhhhhhhh,...
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, lovely  so cool.
I don't think I've properly listened through the Carnival of the Animals before.
Only the really famous ones. I don't know why I haven't. so
That's something to add on my bucket list.
yeah....   Umm...
Right now I'm playing a piece
I started practicing one from Sun Sun's.
i forgot the title i don't remember
it's like (***)
(***)   It's like it starts really dramatically.
Hmm...
I don't know, I just started back to thinking so.
Oh, thank you!
That will be my motivation. I will have to really try hard to do that.
My...
(***)   spain...
It's been 13, almost 14 years.
Yeah, but it's like I've never aimed for professional. It's just like stayed something on the side.
So there's a word, what's it called?  (***)
Yeah, it just like, it feels really good.
Sometimes I don't feel like practicing at all.
but then if I go for like a couple days a week
after like without practicing and i play i'm like
Oh my goodness, this feels so good...   ha.. ha.. yeah...
Oh my God...
I think in other one.....   (***)  I actually took a break from it recently, but I also did ballet dance.
See... Yeah...  yeah.. yeah... .
Hmm...
Yeah,. yeah.. yeah.. yeah...   I think that's the only one service
And I've really gotten to see too. I think, yeah.
I no need... ha.. ha.. ha..
Hmm...
Ohhhhh....  yeah yeah yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
I study  officially   in whenever properly like
12 probably but then i took a break once
So I think on and off.
In total, it might be around 7 years in total.
But yeah, it's been a long time.
Actually, my studies. Yeah, I need to focus on
(***)  My studies... my studies...   I needed to drop something on my schedule. aare
Yeah...
(***)   ha..ha..
Yeah.. yeah.. yeah...
Hmm...
Um, I think